Explain how to manage Kubernetes running on HUAWEI CLOUD provider. (#20579)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cloud-providers.md

The GCE cloud provider uses the hostname of the node (as determined by the kubelet or overridden with `--hostname-override`) as the name of the Kubernetes Node object.
Note that the first segment of the Kubernetes Node name must match the GCE instance name (e.g. a Node named `kubernetes-node-2.c.my-proj.internal` must correspond to an instance named `kubernetes-node-2`).

## HUAWEI CLOUD

If you wish to use the external cloud provider, its repository is [kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-huaweicloud](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-huaweicloud).

### Node Name

> The HUAWEI CLOUD provider uses the private IP address of the node (as determined by the kubelet or overridden with `--hostname-override`) as the name of the Kubernetes Node object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HUAWEI CLOUD provider needs the private IP address of the node as the name of the Kubernetes Node object.
Please make sure indicating `--hostname-override=<node private IP>` when starting kubelet on the node.
```

The GCE cloud provider uses the hostname of the node (as determined by the kubelet or overridden with `--hostname-override`) as the name of the Kubernetes Node object.
Note that the first segment of the Kubernetes Node name must match the GCE instance name (e.g. a Node named `kubernetes-node-2.c.my-proj.internal` must correspond to an instance named `kubernetes-node-2`).

## HUAWEI CLOUD

If you wish to use the external cloud provider, its repository is [kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-huaweicloud](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-huaweicloud).

### Node Name

The HUAWEI CLOUD provider needs the private IP address of the node as the name of the Kubernetes Node object.
Please make sure indicating `--hostname-override=<node private IP>` when starting kubelet on the node.

> Note that the Kubernetes Node name must match the HUAWEI CLOUD VM private IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
